I was trying to get caught up on paperwork
for the circuit overseer’s visit.
There was so much to do.
You have to be kidding me.
Oh, you’re home early, Honey.
I sensed something was wrong.
The kids had left a few things out,
and I was a bit preoccupied.
Tough day?
You were supposed to talk
to the girls about this.
They’re making it a habit.
The more I thought about it, though,
I realized it wasn’t just the kitchen.
I guess I was part of the problem.
Or maybe the problem was me.
You see, my wife
is an amazing woman,
so loving.
It would be an understatement
to call her industrious.
And then there’s her infectious joy.
I mean, how could I not love her?
But sometimes it takes
more than saying, “I love you.”
You know, Honey, you’re right.
This is completely unacceptable.
I’ll talk to the girls
as soon as they come through that door.
Thank you. I love you.
I love you too.
I was so tired after work
but glad to finally get home, until . . .
You have to be kidding me.
You’re home, Honey.
I knew he had congregation stuff
to work on,
but seriously?
Tough day?
You were supposed
to talk to the girls about this.
They’re making it a habit.
At first, it upset me
that he didn’t say anything,
but then I began to think.
It’s actually something I’ve come to love
about John—his patience.
He doesn’t overreact.
He’s thoughtful, concerned.
He really listens.
It’s why he’s such a good elder
and why we’ve enjoyed
so many blessings together.
Sometimes I forget,
and I could be more patient.
You know, Honey, you’re right.
This is completely unacceptable.
I’ll talk to the girls as soon
as they come through that door.
Thank you. I love you.
I love you too.
Showtime!
So the fire drill went off right
when we were having our math test.
Hey, Mom, Dad!
I’ve got to shower before our study.
Girls.
Oh, hey.
You need to finish the kitchen now.
No, we don’t have any time;
we just got home.
Yeah, we have to leave in 15 minutes.
No discussion, no excuses.
Now!
OK.
Thanks.
I did tell them to leave
the kitchen spotless, didn’t I?
Yeah.
They needed to hear that.
True.
It’s just overall they are . . .
I know. I know.
They were auxiliary pioneering
during the circuit overseer’s visit.
They really put themselves out for others
including you—I mean, us.
I don’t ever want to take them for granted.
Um, girls,
about the big mess earlier,
thanks for cleaning that up.
Your mom and I, we were upset.
But we really want you to know that, um . . .
. . . you are gifts from Jehovah
—precious gifts we both cherish.
We love you very much.
What your Mom said.
Man, I’m so happy today
because that fire drill
interrupted our math test.
But we have to do it tomorrow,
so I’m going to be studying again all night.
Hey, Mom, Dad!
I’ve got to shower before our study.
No discussion, no excuses.
Now!
OK.
Where did all of this come from?
We’re going to be here all night.
It did give us time to think.
They are such good examples.
Mom never stops working.
And our home
is always, always beautiful.
They give us so much of their time
and themselves.
It’s a bit cheesy sometimes,
but overall, they’re pretty great.
That night, they didn’t lecture us.
They just reminded us of one thing.
And it was pretty deep.
When we dedicate our lives to Jehovah,
our lives include everything
—our time, our resources, our home,
our kitchen.
Yes, our kitchen.
And how we care for those things,
it reflects on him
and on us as your parents.
That kind of sank in.
I knew I could do better.
No, Mom.
We got this.
Um.
We got this?
Oh, yeah.
We got this.